The cabin was what you would expect of an old civil war home - all wood, crafted by someone who knew how to work with their hands.  Clean lines, solid looking wood, something people would pay good money for today.  It was one large room, with what looked like an oddly shaped closet in one corner.  There was little to no furniture, and the room was well lit.  We had gathered there, and stood around the perimeter of the room, facing each other.

"Let's make sure that whatever ghosts linger here know what the outcome of the war was!", our guide joked, although he fully intended on us singing the song.  We eased into the Battle Hymn of the Republic, although before long, the room was filled with our singing, and stomping on those dusty wooden floors.  If the spirits were there, they would ear us.  It was jarring and raucous.  Disrespectful.

I was the first to notice something strange.  Looking around the room at the faces belting out this song, faces filled with mirth, and something akin to sadism.  Daring these defenseless memories to make themselves known.  I began to feel a bit queasy, nauseous.  My eyes lit from face to face, looking for a place to settle where I could relax my tension.  Suddenly a new face revealed itself in the odd closet, one that hadn't come in with us.  This was a man from the past, with a countenance of complaint, objecting to this unwelcome concert.  He looked in my direction, howling in protest.

"Do you see that!", I exclaimed, not believing my eyes.  "Look there!", I shouted, thrusting my finger in the direction of the closet.  Down to a kneel to look closer, as the spirit was lower to the ground, either from optical illusion, or shackles.

Looks of confusion from the others, they saw not.  Then another appeared nearby!  I looked from one to the other with a detached feeling of horror, as it was becoming apparent that none other saw the visitors.  Their color was dim, and they were wearing some strange uniforms from the past.  I couldn't tell if they were reality, or if my imagination had conjured some weary confederate soldiers in the best way it knew how.